As I mentioned in the last video, we're going to start to take a lot of the code inside of our Nats
test project and merge it into the common module.
We're then going to rebuild common, publish it and then update the tickets project and start to use
that streaming server inside there.
So let's get to it.
Inside this Common Directory, I'll find CRC inside there I'll make a new folder called Events.
Well, then find the events directory inside of Nat's test, and we're going to pull out the base listener.
I'll do a multi select here.
I'm also going to get the base publisher.
I'm going to get subjects.
I'm going to get the event definition and that's it.
The listener and the publisher are things that are going to be ultimately defined and implemented inside
of our individual services, because how a service listens to an incoming event like ticket created
is going to be determined on a service by service basis.
One service might want to take a ticket and do one thing with it.
Another service might want to take a ticket and do another thing with it.
So we're only taking the first four inside of here.
So I'm going to copy all of this.
I'll go up to the events directory we just created and paste those four files in.
If we then go into that, say, base listener file, we're going to see right away that we get an error.
So this is based listener inside of Common.
We're getting an error because we have an import for node nat streaming.
That's totally fine.
We have not installed node net streaming into the common module.
That's why we're seeing the error right now.
I do want to immediately add in one or two more events that I know that we're going to need right away
when we start to make use of this common module or the update to it back inside of our tickets service.
So we've got an event here for ticket created.
We're definitely going to need a event for a ticket update as well.
So let's put together a event to describe that to.
To do so we're going to first open up our subject's file.
We're going to add in a new type to this thing of ticket updated.
And I'll use a subject name of ticket colon updated.
Now we are not actually using order updated, so I am going to delete that one just so we don't get
confused on what we have and haven't implemented, it's now I only have to get created and to get updated.
I'll then save this file and close it.
Then also inside of events are going to make a new file called Ticket Updated Event Dates.
Inside of ticket updated.
We're going to write out some code that looks very similar to what we just did inside of ticket created.
So inside of updated at the very top we will import.
Subjects from subjects.
Well, then export.
An interface called Ticket Updated Event.
We'll say that this thing is going to have a subject of subjects ticket updated.
And we'll have some data as well.
Now, we've been kind of just assuming that these tickets and the data around them was going to be just
the ID title and price.
I think that still stands for right now.
Until we realize that we need some extra information, I think we'll just stick with saying we're going
to emit information about the ID title and price of the ticket.
So if we emit an update event, well, we probably want to include the updated information about this
ticket.
So once again, just ID of string, title of string and price of number.
There is one other property that we might want to immediately add in, however, back inside of our
tickets project.
If we open up that model directory and take a look at our definition of what a ticket is, you might
recall that a ticket also has a user ID property.
We might want to add that in to these two event definitions right away, because there might eventually
be some service that cares about who owns a ticket in particular.
So let's add that into the event definition or ticket updated and ticket created in both them.
I'm going to add in a user ID that is a string.
So there it is inside of updated.
I'll then go over to created.
Add in user ID.
That is a string as well.
So looks good.
Now, one other comment I want to throw out there.
Inside this common module, we basically have everything just mixed up inside of this events directory.
So we've got the base listener, base publisher.
We got our listing of subjects, and then eventually we will have a lot of different files inside of
here as well to describe all the different kinds of events.
If you want to come up with a different structure for this directory, definitely go for it.
I think that it doesn't make a lot of sense to mix all these folders or all these files together, especially
since we're going to eventually have several others in here as well.
So if you could think of a better way of organizing this directory, certainly feel free to do so.
Just remember, whenever we do an import statement, you will have to adjust some paths if you start
to nest these files inside of some other folders.
All right, so before we do a republish of our common module, let's remember we have to go into our
index file at the root CRC folder and we have to export the contents of all these events files so we
can easily import them into other services.
So inside of here we'll do an export star from events space listener.
And then just going to copy paste that down a couple of times.
I think five ought to do it.
The next one will be bass publisher.
Then subjects.
Ticket created event.
And ticket updated event.
And that should be it.
So now last step, we're going to go back over to our terminal.
We're going to install Node Nat streaming into our common module.
We're then going to republish this module and then update for right now just our ticket service.
So I'm going to go back to my terminal.
I'm going to close down everything that I'm running around this nets test stuff.
I'm also going to stop the port forwarding stuff.
And then going to change over to our common directory.
I'm going to install Node.
Now it's streaming.
And then finally I'm going to do an end run pub.
That was what our script was, right?
It was just simply pub.
Let's take a look inside of common module.
Yep.
It was just pub.
So we'll do npm run pub that will do the commit the build the version, delete the build.
Do the publish all that stuff.
And it looks like I'm now on version 1013.
So now we'll go backward to our ticket service also inside of our terminal, and we'll do that update.
So I'll go back over to your tickets and NPM run or NPM updates.
That's better.
SG tickets comin.
Now I'm going to expect to see some update message saying that this thing has been updated to 1.013.
For me in particular, your version is probably different at this point.
Yep.
There we go.
All set?
All right.
Well, we are pretty much done for right now.
Anyways, with this common module, we now have our listing of events inside there.
And as I mentioned, over time, we're going to come back to this thing and add in some other types
of events.
So let's take a pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to go back to working on our ticket service.
We'll make sure that any time someone creates a new ticket or any time someone updates the ticket,
we will publish an event saying, hey, ticket updated.
So a quick pause and I'll see you in just a minute.